we're here at Hatton Garden where last
night there was a robbery in the vault
it's the biggest robbery in British
criminal history
they were extremely professional and
highly organized outfit okay okay
what deafies opposed the first job I got
arrested for I'm certain but Hatton
Garden is a niche could never scratch
gasps rats in Bryan will be dead
tomorrow if I can round up the right
people get some young blokes ooh
it wasn't as officer we're not capable
so disappointing when people stoop to
backstabbing
I think they don't know what they've got
the blue van like weaned
you tell a single soul about this now
cut your folds over nice bloke
[Music]